---
layout: post
title:  Loyola University Chicago Computer Science Newsroom Launched
date:   2020-12-10 22:00:00
description: Thoughts, stories and ideas from Loyola University Chicago's Department of Computer Science.
---

I'm pleased to announce the [Computer Science Newsroom](https://newsroom.cs.luc.edu) at Loyola University Chicago.
The newsroom is a co-production with [Marina Hart Donahue](https://www.luc.edu/cs/people/staff/donahuemarinahart.shtml), who is our department's administrative assistant at Loyola University Chicago.

For this effort, we decided to go with Ghost, a not-for-profit blogging platform that allows us to grow our audience and **not** monetize it.
Our primary design goal was to express (as our tagline suggests) thoughts, stories, and ideas and make it easy for our community to *subscribe* without having to join a service.
As a past magazine editor-in-chief, in the end, I hoped to focus on the basic journalistic ideas--and then some: who, what, where, when, why, and (sometimes) how.

Although I plan to post to my blog here, in many ways, we as academics are defined by the department, college, and university that keeps us in its employ.
I'll be posting most academic and professional articles in the Computer Science Newsroom.
If something is more of an opinion piece, it will probably end up here on my home page.
But most of my postings will take place in the newsroom, with a strong focus on the work I am doing to support a sense of community among my students, colleagues, and staff.

Please visit the [Computer Science Newsroom](https://newsroom.cs.luc.edu). If you like what you see and read, we hope you will press the **Subscribe** button.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to me.
